Richard J. Sturm, 92, Atlanta, Georgia, passed away October 18, 2018 at home after a brief illness. He was predeceased by his wife, Marjorie Morrison. Dick or “Pop” as he was affectionately called by family, was born in Rochester, New York, March 29, 1926, son of Ernest and Genevieve Sturm. His family moved to DuBois, Pennsylvania, where he attended DuBois High School, graduating in 1943. Dick enlisted in the United States Army in 1945 and served until 1947. He trained as a paratrooper, attaining the rank of sergeant, and served in the 82nd and 101st Airborne Division in Belgium and Germany including the Battle of the Bulge. During his illness, his daughter, Cindy, asked him if he always slept in his socks. He replied that after serving in the Battle of the Bulge in the snow and ice, he swore he would never have cold feet again. Among the numerous recognitions for his service during World War II, Dick received the WWII Victory Medal, Good Conduct Medal, EAMET Combat Infantry Badge, Presidential Unit Citation with cluster, and the French Croix de Guerre. He was a member of General Dwight D. Eisenhower’s Honor Guard in Munich Germany. Upon his honorable discharge from the Army, Dick returned home to work at various jobs in his hometown as well as receive a degree from DuBois Business College. He worked for Brockway Glass and Bottling Co. from 1950 to 1988, serving as Southeast Regional Manager. This job brought him to Atlanta Georgia in 1952 where he would meet the love of his life, Marjorie. On their first date, they, along with Margie’s children, Harry and Cindy, went to the old Piedmont Drive In. They married July 3, 1965 at Grace Methodist Church, officiated by Dr. Cecil Myers. Margie and Dick enjoyed many activities including yearly trips to Williamsburg, Virginia as well as being active members in the Atlanta Scottie Club. He also accompanied Margie on her numerous shopping trips to Phipps Plaza and Lenox Square. Dick and Margie were happily married until her death in 2002. Dick devoted his life to Margie and their children and grandchildren. Dick enjoyed family gatherings and loved visiting with his children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren. Dick also enjoyed visiting Cheyenne, Wyoming, Vancouver BC, New York City, Dubois and Bradford Pennsylvania to see family. He was the last surviving WWII veteran of the North Georgia Airborne Association and a member of the World War II Roundtable. Dick loved reading books, particularly Western novels and those pertaining to WWII. He was a true hero and patriot who not only served his country but devoted himself to his family. He is survived by son and daughter-in-law, Harry and Janie Hammond of Roswell and their daughters Laura Conrad (Kevin) and daughter Abby; Beth Allison (Chris) and son, Connor, and daughter Amelia; daughter Cindy and Robert Smith, their daughters Blake of Vancouver BC and Lindsay of Brooklyn New York; sisters Ernestine Stroud, Jeanette Tuthill, Martha Ziegler, and Evelyn Allen (and family); nieces Susan Sullivan (Bill), Judy Ginter and Andy Swaney (Dave); sister-in-law Helen Morrison, nephew Steve Morrison (Trish) and family. The family would like to extend heartfelt appreciation to Homestead Hospice, especially Carrie Lorman, RN, and Olive Powell, CNA, as well as Jenelle with Trusted Hands Senior Care, who provided loving care and attention to our beloved father during his illness. The family will receive friends Monday, October 22, 2018 from 6:00 p.m. until 8:00 p.m. at Patterson & Son, Spring Hill. Funeral services will be held Tuesday October 23, 2018 at 11:00 a.m. at Spring Hill. Interment will be at Westview Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to the American Cancer Society. Arrangements made by Patterson & Son Spring Hill, 1020 Spring Street NW, Atlanta Georgia 30309, 404-876-1022.

Richard lives outside of Atlanta GA. I called and talked to him a few years back (2012-2013) He had some interesting stories to tell...

His dad, Ernest Sturm was a railroad worker in and around Rochester, NY. and that one day he went to work, (he was a rail yard foreman) and never came home. The family looked high and low. The police were called in. And Ernest was never found. This prompted Jennie to move back to DuBois PA. Where she still had family and friends.

Some 40 odd years later Richard gets a call from a woman in Texas. She informs him that she is his step-sister, and could they get together. Richard refuses and hangs up the phone. Several times this woman calls, with the same results.

Then one day a year or so later Richard get a change of heart. (thinking the woman isn't to blame). So he talks to her and accepts her invitation to come to Texas and meet with her and her siblings.

The story goes, when Ernest left N.Y. he traveled to Texas, remarried, and raised a second family in Texas. Ernest had a wife and several children. 

Richard also said that he and his father were in the army during the Second World War. And that they had both participated in the 'Battle of the Bulge Campain' 

More to come...