Born in 1947, in San Mateo, California, Dick began his education in Chicago elementary schools to eventually land for a longer stint at Roosevelt Elementary, in west suburb, Maywood.  With an inherent love of learning, Dick’s work-ethic landed him in the top 1% of his 1965 Proviso East graduating class.  

   Dick’s college career began at Bradley University in Peoria, with his schoolwork was at that time focused on Psychology.  In another direction, Dick eventually became the president of his social fraternity.  Not all was fun-and-games, however, with Dick washing dishes, five days a week, for all four years of his college career.  And, the second day of each summer vacation began with his 7-days-a-week employment at a National Can tin sheet printing factory.  Dick’s Bradley graduation and the subsequent marriage to his wonderful wife, Ohio girl Mary Ann Cochran, took place in 1970.

   The next phase of Dick’s academic pursuits took him to his M.A. graduate program in School Psychology – at Western Illinois U. in Macomb.  This degree prepared Dick for his initial employment as a Certified School Psychologist in the public school system of Calumet City, Illinois.  However, after five years in this role, Dick felt considerably constrained as a “Test Administrator” – and decided to return to school, i.e. University of Illinois (Chicago), in an electrical engineering discipline.  With the wonderful arrival of their son, Ryan, in 1975, the situation was decidedly more exciting -- and also more challenging -- requiring Dick’s participation in a Work-Study program.  Most thankfully, there was the incredible patience and support of his wife, Mary Ann.  Dick graduated in 1980 and was offered employment at Bell Laboratories, in Naperville, Illinois.
  Dick began work there in hardware design, with his first assignment being to develop a replacement for AT&T’s current (electro-mechanical) Operator Console.  Dick’s VDT-based design incorporated an electronically-controlled means of varying precise screen location of image, (to minimize CRT phosphor “burn-in”) – for which he was granted a U.S. patent.  
   So much for such “design fun”, as Dick was selected to lead the national deployment of Operator Office software releases, including the project planning of final lab testing and then as “front-man” for negotiating software-hardware testing in “live” AT&T telephony offices.  {At about this time, Dick was promoted to Distinguished Member of Technical Staff, acquiring for him his own office and “a few dollars more”.}

   Eventually, this nation-wide methodology gave way to in-house testing programs, supported within a multi-lab environment at now-divested Lucent-Technologies, (still in Naperville), with the primary planning for which being Dick’s responsibility.  The writing was on the wall, however, when one of his last assignments was to train visiting engineers to assume remote Customer Support.  So, after 26 years of highly-challenging technical work – and 5 of 6 corporate down-sizes -- Dick succumbed to the inevitable layoff in 2007 – just in time for his Social Security!
================= 
   As you have herein read, from an early age Dick has been highly motivated to achieve in whatever opportunities lay before him – and so his work-ethic was always accompanied by many work-hours. 
   None the less, he has found the time throughout his career to contribute hundreds of hours to humanitarian causes, particularly in his church-parish:  e.g., 16 years as Vacation Bible School teacher and band-leader, 7 years on the Worship Commission, 14 years as Junior High catechist, etc.  So, doesn’t that make Dick “kinda special”?  No – not al all;  with love for his family and community, he considers these activities to be the minimum he should do to “Pay Forward” God’s blessings.
