Herman Ralph Falkman

     Herman was born in Dubois, Clearfield County, Pa. On September 1st, 1893. He moved to Chicago with his parents when he was a very young child. Herman was the oldest of five children. He attended Emerson Grammar School, Spencer Grammar School, and Austin High School. While in high school he met Mary Allen. His future wife.  High school year book named him "Romeo". After high school he planned on working.
	
	After Herman finished school, he married Mary Allen. They drove out to Elgin and were married by a justice of the piece.  Which didn't sit well with her folks. (Mary being Irish Catholic and Herman being Lutheran). When her mother, Margaret, found out about the Elgin marriage, she make them get married in a Roman Catholic church in Chicago. Herman was hired on with the Chicago Sanitary District. Where he worked as a draftsman. One of his assignments was working on the electrical wiring for the locks at the mouth of the Chicago River. 

	My first recollections of Herman are when my mother and I lived with him (Tiki) and (Nani) my grandmother on Long Ave. On the west side of Chicago. This would have been around the end of the Second World War, (1944-1945)  I remember the place well. It was a big stucco frame house. With an entrance on the side. Wicker furniture on the enclosed front porch. I can remember the big bay window and the dining nook in the kitchen. One day I remember playing Superman and I tried to run through the glass storm door on the back porch. Needless to say I still have a scar from that experience. And then there was the time I was told not to play around the outside basement stairs. I could get hurt. So, one concussion and four stitches later I stayed away from the basement stairs. Herman, or Tiki as we called him, was normally a quiet, gentle man. Unless you got in to his desk drawers and messed around with his drafting tools. I remember one time spilling some drawing ink on his desk. When he got home, boy was I in trouble. But most of the time he was a very kind man. I can also remember him taking me out for a walk in the park near be the house. He would bring a golf club and a couple of golf balls. He would hit the balls and I would chase after them and bring them back.

     Herman did a lot of traveling on the family vacations. He did a lot of driving. He also liked photography and took pictures where ever he would travel. He had quit a collection of 8 mm films I can remember. I can remember he had a big Olds 88 that he used to take on his vacation trips.

	When he retired he moved in with his daughter, Bea. And lived with her until his death.
 
       
He lived on Austin & Jackson
He lived on Lockwood & Washington
He lived on Agusta & Long
These are all in the Austin Area.

He lived on Taylor
He lived on Edner
