Lillian Falkman

     	Lillian was the second of Peter's children.  And the last one to remain living.  She worked well in to her 70's and remained active all her life.  She lived in the family home, in the Austin area, up until the time she moved to Swedish Covenant Home. ( on the north side of Chicago)

     	At the time of her berth, Lillian's parents were living at 187 Walnut St. Chicago, IL. That would be just east of Well's street. Between Lake St. & Fulton. (the street is no longer there).

Lillian graduated from Herbert Spencer School, 1910.

	Lillian enjoyed reading, sports and current affairs.  She kept abreast of everything that was going on.  In her later years she became a little hard of hearing.  But still was a delight to be around and talk with.
      
            
Lillian writes:
                         My mother, (Karin Norén) was born, 12th of December, 1867. In Arbrä, Sweden. And her childhood was spent on a farm, near the city of Arbrö. Their home was an old, rather large, structure, with a deep and well built stone foundation. The house had been built probably by her grandfather. And each succeeding generation had lived in it. As was the custom. Ant not migrating hither and thither as is done in the large cities.* Her mother died when she was about a year old. She was the youngest of three (3) sisters. Of Necessity, it was not long before there was a stepmother in the house. After which there came several more children. But, she (the stepmother) was good and kind mother to them all. And there was no cause for complaint from the older children.
	      My mother's father, (Pehr Pehrsson Norén). I do not know what adjectives to describe him by. So I put a period(.). He was an intellectual man. Had studied a great deal. And wrote considerable. He was an earnest student of theology and had formulated certain doctrines. Upon which he established a new church, separate from the State Church (Lutheran). Which he called the Free Church, and in which he preached. Many of his writings consisted of religious theses. He also was a fine writer. He was a stone cutter, but as he wan not very rugged, was not able to follow his occupation regularly. Which did not allow the family to become relatively prosperous. although the family was considered one of the well-to-do smaller farmers. He died in the prime of his life, chiefly perhaps because there were no physicians about who could properly diagnose his case. One of his sons had considerable musical talent., In fact, the violin he played was made by himself.

*The homestead was near a large wood, with a small inland lake on one side. Joyous times were had by the children in the lake and wood. The first railroad my mother had ever seen was one built through their section when she was about       years old. The railroad gave passes, when it was completed, from one own to the next. And my mother, with her father, enjoyed her first train ride. when they visited friends in the next town.
