Pehr Norén (Lars Persson)

	I do not have much information about Karin's father, Per Norén. All I have to go on are a few notes that great aunt Lillian had jotted down from her mother Karin. (Karin, is Pehr's daughter). Along with several Household Exam's from Sweden. But I will try my best to piece together what I know about Per. (or Pehr)

	Per Larsson (Per Norén's father) was married twice. The first marriage took place in 1834. He was married to a woman named Anna Ersdotter. She was 4 yrs his senior. Anna died a year after the marriage. In 1935. There were not children from this marriage. Per Larson married a second time in 1936, to another woman and her name was Anna Ersdotter also. Prior to the first wife's death, she (Anna 2) was the maid for the Larson family. The second wife was 27 yrs. younger than Per Larsson. And from this marriage Lars was born. 
 	
	Lars Persson was born on the 26th of Sept, 1837, and was christened on Oct. 1, 1837.  He is the only child of Pehr Larsson & Anna Ersdotter (the second). Sometime between 1837 and 1839, Lars's name was changed to Per (Pehr) Persson.  About the time of his father's death Per changed his last name from Persson to Norén. If he hadn't his last name would have been Persson (or Pehrsson, after his father).

	In his later life, Per became a lay disciple for what was called the Swedish Free Church. Later to be called Swedish Covenent Church. He also had a profession of stone mason. But I gather from Karin's notes (transcribed to Lilly). That Per was not the healthiest of people and this prohibited him from practicing his trade. Which I read was a stone mason. 

	Pehr would occasionally visit Dr Waldenstrom in Stockholm. Dr. Paul Peter Waldenström (1838-1917) became a leader of the free church movement in Sweden. Not the state church (Lutheran Church) The Free Church would eventually be called "The Covenant Church". Or as it is more commonly know today as "The Swedish Covenant Church". Pehr eventually became a decuple of Dr. Waldenstrom, becoming a lay preacher. Organized a religious community. He also had a building erected in the community for worship. Being a lay minister Per saw to it that there was a church erected for his parishioners. 

	It is not an uncommon practice for a 'Traveling Minister' (in Sweden). to have a daughter accompany him on his missionary circuit.  I think this is what Katherine (Karin) did.  Doing laundry or cooking to taking care of her fathers need as they travelled on his circuit.  This may also explain how she came to meet Nils Peter.  He may have seen her at one of the church functions.  They started talking and Peter told her of his forthcoming trip to America.  He may have even asked her to accompany him on his trip.


